In the last video we left off, having just created a class user right here.
Once again, if you see a warning around this class definition, that's totally fine.
We're going to fix it up in just a second.
So in this video, I want to focus on our implementation of a user.
Remember, we had said that a user should have a couple of different properties assigned to it that
will be randomly generated.
So that should probably be like a user's name and their location as well.
To get started.
I think that we should define a couple of different fields on our user class and then we can figure
out how to randomly generate those properties.
All right.
So I'm going to flip back over to my class definition.
And inside of here, I'm going to assign two different properties to my user.
I'm going to say that every user is going to have a name property that is a string and a location property
that's going to be an object that has a latitude, that is a number and a longitude that is a number
as well.
So LAT stands for latitude, LSG stands for longitude.
Remember, we can use latitudes and longitudes to model a physical location in the world.
So we're going to eventually randomly generate a latitude and longitude, assign it to this user, and
use that data to decide where to map a user on our Google Map interface.
Okay.
So now that we've defined these properties right here, we need to eventually initialize them.
Remember, every time we define a property, we need to either initialize it on the same exact line
or inside the constructor.
Usually we will initialize the property on the same line if it's going to be some hardcoded value.
But in this case we want to randomly generate a name and a latitude and longitude.
So we will instead do our initialization inside of a constructor function instead.
So I'm going to define my constructor function right here like so.
All right.
So we've got our place to initialize the name latitude and longitude.
All we need now is our randomly generated data.
So for that, let's take a look at some documentation for library that we're going to use to generate
that information.
All right.
So quick link right here.
We're going to go to NPM and take a look at the documentation for a package called Faker.
The Faker package gives us the ability to randomly generate a bunch of different types of information,
which makes it really well-suited for the project we are working on right now.
So I'm going to go to KPMG's.
Once here, I'm going to search for Faker at the top, and I should see it as one of the first results
on here.
All right.
So here's the documentation.
You can scroll down a little bit.
And underneath API right here are simply not API.
Next section down.
Here we go.
API methods.
This is the absolute extent of all the documentation we get.
Unfortunately, it's not super detailed.
So what this is essentially saying is that the Faker package has a module inside of it called address
and we can use the address module to randomly generate a zip code, a city, a street name, a county,
a country state, latitude, longitude.
Well, those look really relevant and so on.
Likewise, there is a company module that we can use to randomly generate a catchphrase or a company
name and so on.
If you scroll down a little bit more.
You'll also find a section inside of here called.
Name and we can use this module to generate a first name, last name and so on.
So as you might guess, we're going to use this name module to generate some information for our user.
We'll use the company module back up here.
To generate some random information for the companies we create inside of our app.
And finally, for both the user and the company will use the address module to generate a random latitude
and longitude.
Okay.
So it looks like the fake module is really going to take care of all of our data requirements for our
application.
So all we have to do is install this thing.
So to install this package, I'm going to flip back over to my terminal inside of my project directory.
I'm going to stop the running parcel server with Control C and then I'll do an NPM install.
Baker Like so, and that's pretty much it.
Now the package is pretty small, so it should complete installation rather quickly.
Once it's all done, we'll start up parcel once again with parcel indexed HTML.
All right.
So now we can flip back over to our editor and make use of faker.
To do so, I'm going to go to the top of the file inside my user file.
And I'm going to import the Faker module import statements inside of TypeScript look identical to import
statements in S 2015.
So if you've ever worked on a React or Angular application, you're probably going to be right at home.
In other words, to access a module that we install within PM, all we have to do is write out import
faker from faker like so.
So that's going to reach into our package node modules directory right here.
It's going to find that faker module that we just installed and it's going to give us access to all
the code inside there through a variable called faker.
Now there's just one little issue here.
If we hover over faker, we're going to see a little error message right here.
It says could not find a declaration file for model faker.
Now, this is an error or a warning that you're going to see many, many, many times as you start to
work on TypeScript projects.
So let's take a quick pause right here and talk about why we are seeing this little warning message.